hi welcome to Stanley's home and garden
my name is Heidi and today I'm going to
show you how to make a fairy garden so
the first thing to remember with your
fairy garden is that you can pick any
kind of pot today I've chosen one with
wood and moss on it then any kind of
flowers whether their annual or
perennial so I'm going to start out with
what i'm going to use as my ground cover
the first style i'm going to make it is
so it looks more like a meadow so I've
already filled my pot with soil all the
way to the top and I'm just going to
place my small plants today I'm using
alyssum and this will spread and the
flowers will go all summer long so I'm
going to put them around the front and
since there are smaller flower
they're the next step that i'm going to
do is I'm going to add some of these
it's dusty miller so i'm going to put it
near the back of my planter and it's
going to act as my forest for the
fairies
okay and the next step I'm going to use
one of our gourd houses and I'm going to
set that back and just push it down a
little bit so that it doesn't fall over
if you're placing your garden outside
and i got these small little stones that
are going to be the pathway so we just
put them right out front of the house
and then the real fun begin so this is
when you can choose any of the different
pieces to start out with i'm going to
show you one like i said that looks kind
of like a meadow so i grabbed one of our
small fairies and will place her right
by the house with a little rocking chair
and this is a glow-in-the-dark pic so at
nighttime the fairies have some light
there we go so that's one example of a
fairy garden and something that can
easily be done just to change the feel
of it is changing the accents so I'm
going to switch this and make it more of
a gnome garden so very easily by adding
in a darker walkway we'll just put that
right under the house and a garden gate
set to the back
a small mushroom and or no and there you
have it an easy way to make a fairy
garden that can be enjoyed all summer
long thank you